feat: initial implementation (#2)
libp2p/js-libp2p-pubsub: README.md

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/libp2p/js-libp2p-pubsub.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/libp2p/js-libp2p-pubsub)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/libp2p/js-libp2p-pubsub.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/libp2p/js-libp2p-pubsub) [![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/feross/standard)
[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/standard--readme-OK-green.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/pm-waffle-yellow.svg?style=flat-square)](https://waffle.io/libp2p/js-libp2p-pubsub)

> libp2p-pubsub consits on the base protocol for libp2p pubsub implementation. This module is responsible for all the logic regarding peer connections.

## Lead Maintainer

[Vasco Santos](https://github.com/vasco-santos).

## Table of Contents

- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [License](#license)

## Install

```sh
> npm install libp2p-pubsub
```

## Usage

> A pubsub implementation **MUST** overwrite the `_processConnection`, `publish`, `subscribe` and `unsubscribe` functions. `add_peer` and `remove_peer` may be overwritten if the pubsub implementation needs to add custom logic when peers are added and remove. All the remaining functions **MUST NOT** be overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pubsub implementation **MUST** override the `_processConnection`, `publish`, `subscribe` and `unsubscribe` functions. `add_peer` and `remove_peer` may be overridden if the pubsub implementation needs to add custom logic when peers are added and remove. All the remaining functions **MUST NOT** be overridden.
```
